The files in the various subdirectories are source code from the
book Parallel Programming with MPI by Peter Pacheco, Morgan Kaufmann
Publishers.

COMPILING
---------
Many of the programs are self-contained, and should compile by
themselves provided you make sure that the compiler can find
the MPI header files and the MPI library.  From Chapter 8
onward, many of the programs use the collective I/O functions
described in Chapter 8.  For these programs, in order to properly 
build your executables, you should make sure that the header
files chap08/cio.h and chap08/vsscanf.h are accessible, and
the program should be linked with chap08/cio.o and chap08/vsscanf.o
The file chap08/Makefile.generic can be modified for use for programs
requiring these files.  Programs that require more complex 
rules to build have Makefiles included with the source.

RUNNING
-------
The exact syntax for starting the programs is highly system dependent.
See your local expert for details.  Any input needed by the program
can be determined from comments at the beginning of the source.

I/O
---
All of the complete applications only use process 0 for I/O.  However,
many of the short test programs (e.g., build a communicator using
MPI_Comm_create) print data from processes other than 0.

DISCLAIMER
----------
These programs are not production quality.  Their main purpose is to help 
the reader explore parallel programming and MPI.  They should be 
easy to modify for a specific application and you are welcome to 
do so.  If you have suggestions or discover any bugs it would be greatly 
appreciated if you could let us know by sending email to peter@usfca.edu

AUTHOR
------
Laura Koonce wrote most of the programs, by translating and modifying
the C source.

COPYING
-------
All of the programs in these directories are copyright Morgan Kaufmann
Publishers and Peter Pacheco.  However, they may be freely copied and
used in non-commercial software, provided credit is given to both
Morgan Kaufmann Publishers and Peter Pacheco.
